he stumbled across something
strangely out of place in the pentanal's
wild plains
it's building up a head and definitely
abandoned
no sign of light or life at all
places like this when the human
inhabitants move out become
homes for other creatures
and if there's any access to it i'm sure
there will be animals coming and going
this goes against my better judgment
okay
god i don't really want to go in there
i'd rather be walking about out in the
forest than being anywhere near this
house
[Music]
this place has been taken over by
animals this kind of
crap all over the floor i'm not sure
what's left that
maybe a fox oh it stinks
it really stinks in here jeez
look at that there's like some blood
that's dripping down the walls
it's just kind of stench wafting out of
this room
very strong animaly smell
right i'm gonna look what is that
definitely noise in there
[Music]
oh my god oh my god
that is a nightmare
full of bad vampire bats
hundreds of them
god
that stuff coming down the walls is
blood
vampire bats they feed entirely on blood
and when they roost during the day
when they defecate they're just
defecating blood so it's just blood that
is
fueling them blood that's passing
through them and all these streaks down
the walls
it's just
this blood from other living animals
that is gross
under cover of darkness vampire bats
sneak up on large mammals using their
acute hearing to home in on the sound of
breathing
then with special thermoreceptors on
their noses
they detect hot blood flowing close to
the skin
this is where they bite and feed
it's official i've found the most
disgusting toilet on the planet
these hideouts are safe places for the
vampire bats to take refuge during
daylight hours
when they return to the roost they
regurgitate blood to share with the
young
and other hungry bats in the colony
i'm only just an animal doing what they
do but it's disgusting
oh god get me out here
i've never been so glad to leave a place
in all my life
it's an unsettling encounter and not
what gordon is looking for
with dawn approaching he heads back to
[Music]
[Applause]
camp
[Music]
[Applause]
you